SWEET POISON A MUST READ

   In October of 2001, my sister started getting very sick. She had stomach
spasms and she was having a hard time getting around.  Walking was a major
chore. It took everything she had just to get out of bed; she was in so much
pain.



   By March 2002, she had undergone several tissue and muscle biopsies and
was on 24 various prescription medications.  The doctors could not determine
what was wrong with her. She was in so much pain, and so sick.she just knew
she was dying. She put her house, bank accounts, lifeinsurance, etc.,  in
her oldest daughter's name, and made sure that her younger children were to
be taken care of.

   She also wanted her last hooray, so she planned a trip to Florida
(basically in a  wheelchair) for March 22nd.

   On March 19 I called her to ask how her most recent tests went, and she
said they didn't find anything on the test, but they believe she had MS.


   I recalled an article a friend of mine e-mailed to me and I asked my
sister if she drank diet soda? She told me that she did.  As a matter of
fact,
   she was getting ready to crack one open that moment. I told her not to
open it, and to stop drinking the diet soda! I e-mailed her the article my
friend, a lawyer, had sent.

   My sister called me within 32 hours after our phone conversation and
told me she had stopped drinking the diet soda AND she could walk!  The
muscle spasms went away.

   She said she didn't feel 100% but she sure felt a lot better. She told
me she was going to her doctor with this article and would call me when she
got home.

   Well, she called me, and said her doctor was amazed! He is going to call
all of his MS patients to find out if they consumed artificial sweeteners of
any kind.

   In a nutshell, she was being poisoned by the Aspartame in the diet
soda...  and literally dying a slow and miserable death.

   When she got to Florida March 22, all she had to take was one pill, and
that was a pill for the Aspartame poisoning! She is well on her way to a
complete recovery.  And she is walking! No wheelchair! This article saved
her life.


   If it says “SUGAR FREE” on the label; DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!

   I have spent several days lecturing at the WORLD ENVIRONMENTAL
CONFERENCE on ASPARTAME, marketed as “NutraSweet”, “Equal”, and “Spoonful”.

   In the keynote address by the EPA, it was announced that in the United
States in 2001 there is an epidemic of multiple sclerosis and systemic
lupus. It was difficult to determine exactly what toxin was causing this to
be
   rampant.

   I stood up and said that I was there to lecture on exactly that subject.

   I will explain why Aspartame is so dangerous: When the temperature of
this sweetener exceeds 86 degrees F, the wood alcohol in ASPARTAME converts
to formaldehyde and then to formic acid, which in turn causes metabolic
acidosis. Formic acid is the poison found in the sting of fire ants. The
methanol toxicity mimics, among other conditions, multiple sclerosis and
   systemic lupus.

   Many people were being diagnosed in error.  Although multiple sclerosis
is not a death sentence, Methanol toxicity is!

   Systemic lupus has become almost as rampant as multiple sclerosis,
especially with Diet Coke and Diet Pepsi drinkers.  The victim usually does
not know that the Aspartame is the culprit. He or she continues its use;
irritating the lupus to such a degree that it may become a life-threatening
condition.

   We have seen patients with systemic lupus become asymptotic, once taken
off diet sodas.

   In cases of those diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis, most of the
symptoms disappear. We've seen many cases where vision loss returned and
hearing loss
   improved markedly. This also applies to cases of tinnitus and
fibromyalgia.

   During a lecture, I said, if you are using ASPARTAME (NutraSweet, Equal,
Spoonful, etc) and you suffer from fibromyalgia symptoms, spasms, shooting,
pains, numbness in your legs, cramps, vertigo, dizziness, headaches,
tinnitus, joint pain, unexplainable depression, anxiety attacks, slurred
speech, blurred vision, or memory loss you probably have ASPARTAME
poisoning!

   People were jumping up during the lecture saying, I have some of these
symptoms. Is it reversible? Yes! Yes!Yes! 
STOP drinking diet sodas and be alert for Aspartame on food labels!
Many products are fortified with it!  This is a serious problem.  Dr. Espart
(one of my speakers)  remarked that so many people seem to be symptomatic
for MS and during his recent visit to a hospice, a nurse stated that six of
her friends,  who were heavy Diet Coke addicts, had all been diagnosed with
MS.

   This is beyond coincidence!


   Diet soda is NOT a diet product! It is a chemically altered, multiple
SODIUM (salt) and ASPARTAME containing product that actually makes you crave
carbohydrates.  It is far more likely to make you GAIN weight!

   These products also contain formaldehyde, which stores in the fat cells,
particularly in the hips and thighs.  Formaldehyde is an absolute toxin and
is used primarily to preserve tissue specimens. Many products we use every
day contain this chemical but we SHOULD NOT store it IN our body!

   Dr. H. J. Roberts stated in his lectures that once free of the diet
product and with no significant increase in exercise; his patients lost an
average of 19 pounds over a trial period.Aspartame is especially dangerous
for diabetics.

   We found that some physicians, who believed that they had a patient with
retinopathy, in fact, had symptoms caused by Aspartame.

   The Aspartame drives the  bloodsugar out of control. Thus diabetics may
suffer acute memory loss due to the fact that aspartic acid and
phenylalanine are NEUROTOXIC when taken without the other amino acids
necessary for a good balance.

   Treating diabetes is all about BALANCE. Especially with diabetics, the
Aspartame passes the blood/brain barrierand it then deteriorates the neurons
of the brain; causing various levels of brain damage, seizures, depression,
manic depression, panic attacks, uncontrollable anger and rage.

   Consumption of Aspartame causes these same symptoms in non-diabetics as
well.

   Documentation and observation also reveal that thousands of children
diagnosed with ADD and ADHD have had complete turnarounds in their behavior
when these  chemicals have been removed from their diet. So called behavior
modification prescription drugs (Ritalin and others)  are no longer needed.
Truth be told, they were never NEEDED in the first place!



   Most of these children were being poisoned on a daily basis with the
very foods that were better for them than sugar.

   It is also suspected that the Aspartame in thousands of pallets of diet
Coke and diet Pepsi consumed by men and women fighting in the Gulf War, may
be partially to blame for the well-known Gulf War Syndrome.

   Dr. Roberts warns that it can cause birth defects, i.e. mental
retardation, if taken at the time of conception and during early pregnancy.

   Children are especially at risk for neurological disorders and should
NEVER be given artificial sweeteners.  There are many different case
histories to relate of children suffering grand mal seizures and other
neurological disturbances talking about a plague of neurological diseases
directly caused by the use of this deadly poison.

   Herein lies the problem: There were Congressional Hearings when
Aspartame was included 100 different products and strong objection was made
concerning its use. Since this initial hearing, there have been two
subsequent hearings, and still nothing has been done.


   The drug and chemical lobbies have very deep pockets.

   Sadly, MONSANTOS patent on Aspartame has EXPIRED!

   There are now over 5,000 products on the market that contain this deadly
chemical and there will be thousands more introduced.  Everybody wants a
piece of the Aspartame pie. I assure you that MONSANTO, the creator of
Aspartame, knows how deadly it is.

   And isn't it ironic that MONSANTO funds, among others, the American
Diabetes   Association, the American Dietetic Association and the Conference
of the American College of Physicians?

   This has been recently exposed in the New York Times.

   These [organizations] cannot criticize any additives or convey  their
link to MONSANTO because they take money from the food industry and are
required to endorse their products.

   Senator Howard Metzenbaum wrote and presented a bill that would require
label warnings on products containing Aspartame, especially regarding
pregnant women, children and infants.  The bill would also institute
independent studies on the known dangers and the problems existing in the
general population regarding seizures, changes in brain chemistry,
neurological changes and behavioral symptoms.

   The bill was killed.

   It is known that the powerful drug and chemical lobbies are responsible
for this, letting loose the hounds of disease and death on an unsuspecting
and uninformed public. Well, you are Informed now! YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO
KNOW!

   Please print this out and/or e-mail to your family and friends.

   They have a right to know too.





